Update roc bert docs (#38835)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/roc_bert.md

-->

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
           <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
    </div>
</div>

# RoCBert

> [RoCBert] is a BERT model that is specifically designed for the Chinese language. It is built to resist tricks and attacks, like misspellings or similar-looking words, that usually confuse language models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RoCBert](https://aclanthology.org/2022.acl-long.65.pdf) is a pretrained Chinese [BERT](./bert) model designed against adversarial attacks like typos and synonyms. It is pretrained with a contrastive learning objective to align normal and adversarial text examples. The examples include different semantic, phonetic, and visual features of Chinese. This makes RoCBert more robust against manipulation.
```

> You can find all the original [Model name] checkpoints under the [RoCBert](link) collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all the original RoCBert checkpoints under the [weiweishi](https://huggingface.co/weiweishi) profile.
```

> [!TIP]

> > Click on the RoCBert models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply RoCBert to different chinese NLP tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This model was contributed by [weiweishi](https://huggingface.co/weiweishi).
>
> Click on the RoCBert models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply RoCBert to different Chinese language tasks.

The example below demonstrates how to predict the [MASK] token with [`Pipeline`], [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.
```

<hfoptions id="usage">
<hfoption id="Pipeline">

```py

> from transformers import pipeline

Reviewer: ```py
import torch
from transformers import pipeline

pipeline = pipeline(
    task="fill-mask",
    model="weiweishi/roc-bert-base-zh",
    torch_dtype=torch.float16,
    device=0
)
pipeline("這家餐廳的拉麵是我[MASK]過的最好的拉麵之")
```

pipeline = pipeline(
    task="text-classification",
    model="hfl/rocbert-base"
)
pipeline("称呼") #Example Chinese input
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="AutoModel">

```py

> # pip install datasets

Reviewer: ```py
import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForMaskedLM, AutoTokenizer

tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(
    "weiweishi/roc-bert-base-zh",
)
model = AutoModelForMaskedLM.from_pretrained(
    "weiweishi/roc-bert-base-zh",
    torch_dtype=torch.float16,
    device_map="auto",
)
inputs = tokenizer("這家餐廳的拉麵是我[MASK]過的最好的拉麵之", return_tensors="pt").to("cuda")

with torch.no_grad():
    outputs = model(**inputs)
    predictions = outputs.logits

masked_index = torch.where(inputs['input_ids'] == tokenizer.mask_token_id)[1]
predicted_token_id = predictions[0, masked_index].argmax(dim=-1)
predicted_token = tokenizer.decode(predicted_token_id)

print(f"The predicted token is: {predicted_token}")
```

import torch
from datasets import load_dataset
from transformers import AutoProcessor, AutoTokenizer

model_name = "hfl/rocbert-base"
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_name)
model = AutoModel.from_pretrained(model_name)
text = "大家好，无论谁正在阅读这篇文章"
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="transformers CLI">

```bash

> echo -e "水在零度时会[MASK]" | transformers-cli run --task fill-mask --model junnyu/roformer_chinese_base --device 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo -e "這家餐廳的拉麵是我[MASK]過的最好的拉麵之" | transformers-cli run --task fill-mask --model weiweishi/roc-bert-base-zh --device 0
```

```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

> Quantization reduces the memory burden of large models by representing the weights in a lower precision. Refer to the [Quantization](../quantization/overview) overview for more available quantization backends.

Reviewer: No need to have a quantization example as its not that large and unlikely to benefit from it

The example below uses [bitsandbytes](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/en/index) to only quantize the weights to 8 bits.

```py
from transformers import AutoModelForSequenceClassification, AutoTokenizer, BitsAndBytesConfig

model_id = "hfl/rocbert-base"  # or checkpoint for RoCBERT
bnb_config = BitsAndBytesConfig(load_in_8bit=True)  # Or load_in_4bit=True

model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained(
    model_id,
    quantization_config=bnb_config,
    device_map="auto"
)
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_id)
```

> ## Resources

Reviewer: Remove the `## Resources` scetion

-->

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
           <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
    </div>
</div>

# RoCBert

[RoCBert](https://aclanthology.org/2022.acl-long.65.pdf) is a pretrained Chinese [BERT](./bert) model designed against adversarial attacks like typos and synonyms. It is pretrained with a contrastive learning objective to align normal and adversarial text examples. The examples include different semantic, phonetic, and visual features of Chinese. This makes RoCBert more robust against manipulation.

You can find all the original RoCBert checkpoints under the [weiweishi](https://huggingface.co/weiweishi) profile.

> [!TIP]
> This model was contributed by [weiweishi](https://huggingface.co/weiweishi).
>

> > Click on the RoCBert models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply RoCBert to different Chinese language tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Click on the RoCBert models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply RoCBert to different Chinese language tasks.

The example below demonstrates how to predict the [MASK] token with [`Pipeline`], [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.
```
